friends of luis garcia punto mx esteem
doctor as always I send a strong
hug to talk about the best football
of the planet the champions league that had
activity this week first let's go
with Bayern Munich that go to the
existence or go way of thinking the
that Pep Guardiola has towards this topic
called football man always
wanting and always looking for his
team have the position of the ball
you know how many passes the bayern gave
Munich against the arsenal more than 860 per
the 222 that had the incredible arsenal what
that makes the mini valley when it has
the ball when he knows how to take care of it and when
has to touch has an efficiency of
more than 94 percent is 94 percent
percent of the passes were correct and
only 6 were closed passes
incredible what it does has an advantage
2.0 I believe more than enough
for the same case return happens with the
Paris Saint Germain that destroyed the
hand of zlatan ibrahimovic 4 for 0 to his
rival is a real shame that no
ibra we can see in the next Cup
of the world of Barcelona from the hand of
Leo Messi of a controversial criminal me
it seems that he also gets a step
important
be in the next round with your
advantage of two goals and in another match
her athletic one of madrid also gets
an important advantage over
set rossonero milan I think that
it may also be enough above all
for the theme of the next local
week we have more important matches
what is a reality and with what I
I stay this day with the way of thinking
of pep guardiola that tactical scheme
always coinciding with the triangles
in which philipp lahm is the famous
brain of this German set
pep guardiola an advance to his time
a genius and is validating it as
he did in Barcelona now with the bayern
from Munich to friends do not miss to visit
this place luis garcía point mx here
we will have more videoblogs thanks
hug